Freya: I would choose the first option, because it would at least prevent extra sins from mammaIz that would keep breeding, even though innocent animaIs would also be vapped, but all beings are going to pass, anyway, since it’s a morteI worId, and choosing the first option will at least prevent many sins and also prevent many beings from being ferced thru a death, because if new beings aren’t ferced into existence anymore, then they won’t ever be ferced thru a dth, so it would prevent extra suffering and extra dth and some of the sins of breeding also!

Freya: At 5, it’s kilogram that deviates.

Freya: 7 is false!

Freya: Question 8 — I would see the front of the TV and the back of the clock and the frame, and it’s also implied that I would see the table / the other side of the table and the other wall and whatever else it may be in the room that could be seen from that angle!

Freya: At 9, I think it was the brit that stole the fish — or maybe the german dude... I don’t think they usually steal in Norway / Sweden / Denmark, especially in Norway and Sweden, I know it’s an extremely low rate of what most refer to as criminality... And I haven’t heard of things getting stolen in those countries yet, so if it happens, it’s very rare and unheard of... However, in Germany and in the UK, there are a lot of immigrants that were probably bred there and considered germans / brits, and they are probably the ones that would be more likely to steal... As a matter of fact, it’s almost always the immigrants that steal etc... Of course, the few immigrants that didn’t steal don’t like to hear the truth, but it still doesn’t change the facts, and that’s also why the countries with the most immigrants are usually the countries with the highest criminality rates and most robberies / theft, including the US, because they allowed so many immigrants, pfff... And, it’s probably the brit or the german that has a cat, and, why would someone want to steal fish, unless he wants to feed the efn cat, or maybe to eat the poor fish himself, so in that case, it might also be the dane, because I could picture a poor dane running out of food that ends up stealing fish, and I don’t know why, it’s just how it is, so even though the norwegian and the swede might also be a meat-eater, so they probably consume fish, but between norwegians and swedes and danes, I think a dane would be more likely to steal, because Norway and Sweden are very rich countries as far as I know, and most ppl there have it very well, it’s a very good quality of life there, so there probably aren’t many extremely poor ppl that would need to steal fish...

Freya: 13 will take 40 minutes with 120 or 60 musicians because the duration of the songs don’t really change, unless one skips some parts on purpose to make it shorter!

Freya: Sleeping Waste is a melodic and pretty melody!

Freya: Onestop.mid has an epic sounding beginning, but then the other melodies are kinda meh — I get it that some of them are the type of music associated with casinos and stuff, so it probably has a certain purpose, but it’s not necessary pretty-sounding, though I guess one could make a melody in that style (casino style type of melody) that is actually very pretty and addictive, but I’m not sure as I haven’t tried it myself and haven’t found others trying to make a really pretty one...

Freya: At 3, wouldn’t it be a house and an office building or some other type of building like a workshop or something — because unfortunately hum’ns destroy trees (wood) to make houses etc and other items...

Freya: At 2, isn’t it letters / sentences in a book or in a magazine or internet recipe maybe and a library or house, so one can go outside the house / library and close the book etc when one doesn’t want to read the instructions and come back inside and open the book or the webpage with instructions when one wants to continue reading them...

Freya: At 4, it would be 2 hours for both 8 cars and 4 cars if they all keep the same speed...

Freya: At 6, do you mean, like vertically one next to each other or one on top of another one? If it’s next to each other, then the nails must be placed upside down with the rounded end at the bottom, so that each nail stays up vertically, and the book and laptop must be placed on the table semi-open so that they don’t fall, and the bottles can be placed on the table normally if they are normal bottles (without sharp bottoms like some perfume bottles) and, the balls must be balanced between the bottles and the laptop and the book, so that they don’t roll off the table or end up on the floor! If on top of the other, then I have no idea, and in such case, you should ask an expert in balancing objects on top of other objects!

(this is for question 3.5) Freya: Technically, most bears are brown, unless it’s a polar bear, then the bear would be white — that’s a really weird question!