Freya: Do I really have to answer 23? I mean, anyone knows simple things like 6+8 (14) and 7+9 (16) and 12+15 (27) so, I didn’t take this question seriously...

Freya: The song Exodus Honey and the band name Honeycut misuse my term honey — terms like honey / sweetie or sweetheart and other sweetness-related terms only reflect me!

Freya: Obviously, no one could ever ‘read’ someone’s else’s mind exactly, not even PCs, but when it comes to hum’ns, I kind of know what goes thru the mind of hum’ns in general, which is usually simple things related to work or interactions and weight loss or serious health issues or other body related issues (because almost all hum’ns get sick and most hum’ns have weight issues etc, so this is something all hum’ns think about a lot) and getting more undeserved money or other impostuhr ‘dreams’ such as ‘wanting’ to ‘get’ a ‘partner’ etc or ‘family’ related bs and that sort of stuff — me & my protectors can easily figure this out by simply observing the avrg hum’n, and it’s always the same, because hum’ns are the same, even if they don’t want to admit it and want to think they’re ‘unique’ pfff, hum’ns all have the same limited thinking and the same type of simple / limited and usually unsuitable thoughts...

Freya: I answered 20 on that dude’s video in the reply section twice, but I’m pasting it here also... 
...they would belong to none of those categories because they contain the word logical, and words aren’t always logical, and the word hetero is the exact opposite of the word logical because it also defines certain hum’ns (or at least is misused to refer to certain hum’ns) and hum’ns are the opposite of such words, and most words have always been misused, and not only most words, but also most items that most words define — chairs have been misused, high heels have been misused, make-up has been misused etc by hum’ns since they were invented...

Freya: I don’t know the answer to 24 — honestly, I didn’t read it yet, because it’s so long, but I quickly ‘scanned’ thru it, and it doesn’t seem like I would know the answer to such question, to be honest because I don’t know what a triahexa looks like, never heard of it...

Freya: I’m not really ‘confident’ in the accuracy of all my answers, since I tried to guess some of them, since I haven’t even heard of such things before, but why don’t you answer that question tho — are my answers correct or not?

Freya: And you didn’t answer MY question about the playlist...

Ferya: And I don’t think it’s possible to REALLY transcend the limitations of physical proximity, and it only feels like it sometimes, but clearly, one doesn’t really know what someone else that is away and trapped in another body REALLY thinks or feels, even if one thinks one can, it’s not exactly the same, and can probably just assume or get close to it, but it’s not exactly the same, so only I know what I really think, which are my actual thoughts, that aren’t one of the ideas planted by agents, and I have no idea what goes thru his mind either, but I can try to guess that it would be work related or gaining total control or getting rid of the agency and being the one in control (because clearly no one wants to be given orders or be subjected to payn / tests etc, especially one with dominant personality, so those types of things are easy to figure out) and becoming very praised by all hum’ns etc, which are the types of thoughts dominant guys usually have on their mind...

Freya: And I have no idea if he can break ALL types of Encryption, but I assume he can at least some of them, since he is a programmer and agent, so he knows about that kind of stuff...

Freya: Also, why don’t you answer fast? I don’t like to wait for someone’s reply, so if one asks questions and tries making conversation with someone else, one should at least reply fast / immediately, especially when asked something!